Suresh Attaluri  0:04  
Okay, so welcome back Swarup, this is our second video.

Swarup Donepudi  0:19  
Okay?

Suresh Attaluri  0:28  
You. So this is our second video, first self service DevOps. So in the earlier video, we tried to discuss about the problem of self service. And then I think we digressed a bit to and we went on to went on a discussion of the history of self service, but I don't think that, I mean, we realize that's not what we were trying to achieve here. We the whole agenda to make a video on this feature page is to discuss about self service in plant and clouds context. What is, what do we define, or what do we call which part of plant and Clore that we would like to call as self service divorce, that is what we need to define or determine or put it in that video. Yeah. So earlier we again, we went back to one of our previous recordings where we had a small, short discussion. And there we, I didn't there, we discussed what should be the theme of this video, or what should be this and we the Self Service DevOps part of plant and cloud. So I want to, I will reiterate that part I will and will continue from there. We said in that video we we discussed self service as the ability of providing automation by ops team and the ability of the developers to consume it. So we'll we'll discuss how that ability is provided through plant and cloud at a high level. That is a scope.

Swarup Donepudi  2:35  
Even if you want to introduce a video in which we explain the same concept, we will limit ourselves to not go back into history, but simply say, there is a there is value in creating a centralized platform where platform or DevOps engineers can create the automation, and the platform should make it, make it easy for The platform or DevOps engineers to make that automation available for developers, and the platform should also make it possible for developers to consume that automation. This is the whole idea of creating the platform that that provides self service capabilities without a platform like this. There is no single place where platform there are a lot of problems associated with the whole automation not being able to be like make it easy for developers to consume, etc. So what is self service DevOps? Or what is self service DevOps platform is a platform that makes it easy for ops engineers to create automation, register the automation, and for developers to come to that platform and consume that automation. That's it. Yes, yeah.

Suresh Attaluri  3:53  
So, yeah. So the first thing they see is, how do DevOps engineer slash platform engineer can create that automation is the first one. So that should be the part of the script. So how will we show is

Swarup Donepudi  4:14  
and to summarize the gist of the previous conversation, we came up with three different parts of the popular automation categories. One is the IAC modules for provisioning the infrastructure, whether it is compute, network, storage or even being able to creating Kubernetes clusters comes under setting up compute platform for the services to run. So this is all like infrastructure, okay, so for for in this space, the DevOps engineers, or ops engineers will create automation to boots like deploy new services, deploy open source software, or deploy managed services like AWS, RDG.

Suresh Attaluri  5:02  
So this thing comes under provisioning, yeah, provisioning,

Swarup Donepudi  5:04  
or deployments, yeah.

Suresh Attaluri  5:08  
So, like we also have these categories like Bootstrap build, in fact, we provision this. Bootstrap

Swarup Donepudi  5:17  
falls under the second category, or maybe we can begin with bootstrapping, but bootstrapping is has not been a very popular requirement. So nice to

Suresh Attaluri  5:29  
have, but build and deploy. I see when we talk in this context, it's not about it's not provisioning. It's building and deploying, isn't it? Provisioning

Swarup Donepudi  5:37  
is also like part of it, okay, so traditionally, when you say deploy, mostly that that just applies to services that developers are building in Build and Deploy. Okay, talk about So build and deploy, right sequence, so you don't build anything of open source or anything like that.

Suresh Attaluri  5:58  
How about having this separate categories, build and deploy and provision, provision will

Swarup Donepudi  6:06  
but build and deploy has entered link. Also, like, you cannot deploy unless build is completed. So there is also a coupling between these two, okay, but the way we build our platform is our deployments. Mean, like, take a bunch of inputs from an infrastructure like IAC module, whether it is pulumi or TerraForm, then we are calling it as the deployment is successful when IAC module exclusion is successful, okay, but in the context of service development, the deploy word itself has a slightly different meaning, yes, sometimes it may involve some shell scripts to copy files to some server if it is, yeah, like, like, for example, lambda, right, build, publish and deploy. These are actually three different steps. So anyway, I want to break down the problem of self service into again, I think that is what we are trying to do to put these automation into different buckets to keep things simple, and it's also probably very easy for people to understand simply that DevOps engineers write IAC automation for the sake of deploying. Again, we will not try and categorize exactly what those IAC modules for fall under will simply say, DevOps engineers right infrastructure as code. We provide a registry, and that makes it available for developers to consume Okay, and senior engineers can create anyone in the organization can create bootstrap cookie cutter templates to bootstrap new services.

Suresh Attaluri  7:42  
Okay, since that is not yet ready, let's talk in this context the deploy, building and deploying or provision. Third

Swarup Donepudi  7:51  
one is for services only, which one

Suresh Attaluri  7:54  
cookie, cookie cutter or templating?

Swarup Donepudi  7:57  
Yeah, CICD templates.

Suresh Attaluri  8:00  
Okay, are we talking about two templates? One is

Swarup Donepudi  8:04  
templates are for only for Bootstrap, yeah,

Suresh Attaluri  8:08  
bootstrapping, as in CAC pipeline, or

Swarup Donepudi  8:14  
you want to start, get started with a new Java gRPC service,

Suresh Attaluri  8:19  
and that doesn't include any CAC departments,

Swarup Donepudi  8:23  
yeah, so it's only talks about

Suresh Attaluri  8:27  
because, and what is this, I typically,

Swarup Donepudi  8:29  
if it is an organization, right within an organization, people may create good cookie cutter templates, which includes that also Adding CAC item, because opinionated. We can't do that where the platform provided default templates needs to be separate, because we are trying to support like multiple platforms, whether maybe you want to bootstrap a Java microservice but you want to only deploy it on GitLab, stuff like that, but the cookie cutter templates that engineers within the organization can create. They can include the cacd part also, they may be able to also write a customized folder if they choose to deploy it on plant and cloud, right? So overall, it is extremely difficult to draw clear lines, and trying to put this automation into different categories is very difficult, in my opinion. Okay, so instead, we can simply talk about the type of auto automation, or don't categorize it. Are you going to use it for this purpose? That purpose? No, the categorization that I am trying to give it is IAC modules. Again, don't try to put it in any of these life cycle spans. Don't Bootstrap. Don't do that. If you want to deploy something, there is IAC module resisting. See if you want, if you can use it, okay, and if you want to, we're trying to get started with some service. We are providing, sorry, service cookie cutter templates. That's it. Don't now go dive deeper and say cookie cutter templates will also include CICD to let's not do that problem to solution. Yeah, you want to get started quickly. There are cookie cutter templates. Okay? We

Suresh Attaluri  10:18  
have pulumi registry, yeah, modules which covers the IAC modules.

Swarup Donepudi  10:23  
Yeah, we have IAC registry. It's coming soon. That's why I'm like saying I'm starting to

Suresh Attaluri  10:31  
call it as is, so IAC registry, and let's talk about IAC registry, and how can we demo it through that video? What can we show on a video, right on overall

Swarup Donepudi  10:48  
summarizing in the context of quantum cloud, self service goops And we also concluded our discussion saying, What is a self service platform, and because we are calling it as self service platform, essentially something that dev ops and devs can collaborate. So these people come here to supply, and these people come here to consume, and what is being supplied here is IAC modules, cookie cutter templates, cutter templates, and then CI, CD templates. Okay. Now what? Where do this fall at a high level? No clear boundaries can be defined at a very high level. Devs, when they want to bootstrap new services, they rely on cookie cutters. Devs, when they try to add CICD for both build setting up build automation and deployment automation, they rely on CICD templates. The details at this point are very difficult to work and devs when they want to deploy open source software or cloud infrastructure or

Suresh Attaluri  12:09  
service, what, or services?

Swarup Donepudi  12:14  
That's what we don't want to do that in IAC, yeah, don't talk about services in IAC, okay, that that kind of case.

Suresh Attaluri  12:22  
So that's what CICD is involved. That's what you're saying. Yeah. Again,

Swarup Donepudi  12:26  
what I'm trying to say is, from a sales perspective, you don't have to clearly. So even though, in our own design services are being deployed here, the world doesn't know. So we'll limit this guy to simply say, you can deploy open source, you can deploy cloud infrastructure, okay, I see your point. Or you can deploy services, okay,

Suresh Attaluri  12:57  
as long as I get your partner that here, when we are demoing it, we show that we have this ability to provision. Yeah, you can still do the services thing and all, but that's how we want to tell that story of ISC modules, right? Yeah, yeah. When we you, we have that registry also, right now, there's the other we are not highlighting. We had a discussion earlier, like in in our ISC modules registry, which we have right now, we're not highlighting the service side of the category, and we were discussing about highlighting that.

Swarup Donepudi  13:37  
Yeah. So, yeah, we need to, yeah. All I'm trying to say is it's very easy for someone to understand what these modules, how these can be used for OSs and cloud infrastructure or manage, but when you say services, right? Yeah, that's mixing it up with other stuff. So I'm saying, let's not talk about services at all. Understand that, oh, you're saying CIC templates. Then I'm assuming that continuous deployment will ensure my services get deployed. Yes, the devil is in the details, which is we are in our framework. We use IAC modules behind the scenes to do the deployment itself. But, yeah,

Suresh Attaluri  14:21  
got it cool. So let's write down the steps or script how an IAC module will be demoed. Okay, we'll go to plant and clouds platform. How about creating will start from that point where we will create a module on IAC module registry, a custom defined ISC module registry. Okay, so user one will log in as user one. I mean having that personas of platform engineering and developer, user two would be developer and platform engineer will log in assuming that there is already a pulumi mod, pulumi slash TerraForm module already available in GitHub. Using that platform, engineer will, will just quickly go through the module what it is. We'll talk about it using that GitHub link. Will will register that module onto plant and cloud in our registry, okay? And then we'll switch to the other user. We'll see that the newly created module is available for user with all with all the details. And then, the other side, developer will, will, will try to use that module and create this thing

Swarup Donepudi  16:13  
that them, demoing all of that is necessary like, rather than like, showing it

Suresh Attaluri  16:20  
instead of creating we'll just show, yeah,

Swarup Donepudi  16:22  
I'm just thinking out loud as to if long it takes and stuff, yeah, we can edit things away. Like, all the waiting time can be removed, even from the product standpoint. You need to make test it, but streaming helps us, like, cover all the missing elements. I think we can. We can try that actually.

Suresh Attaluri  16:48  
And once this is done, at the end, we can show that there are so many other modules, default modules, that user will already get. And also, there are different, yeah, the number of the volume thing can also be the mode, right? Like there are these, these many

Swarup Donepudi  17:12  
deployment modules that are readily available, yeah, so overall, the structure, so are we talking about three different videos? Just click on, yes. Like Kubernetes dashboard we talked about, like the

Suresh Attaluri  17:28  
one we just discussed. I'm thinking that is for ISC modules. Okay, so there will be three modules here for cookie cutter and Cid, CD, templates as well.

Swarup Donepudi  17:41  
And right now we don't have those ready, the cookie

Suresh Attaluri  17:46  
cutter one and CAC will include them.

Swarup Donepudi  17:52  
Okay, so here there will be a three tab videos. Video, yeah, first video, we will show IAC modules, how they help? Self Service, yes, DevOps, developer, DevOps, engineer, register module and developer consumes. But developer, if you want to deploy something for which the DevOps hasn't customized, then developer will still be able to deploy with the readiness, available automation. And that's it, we'll conclude that. So what kind of IAC module can we have the DevOps engineer customize? Maybe Redis is good,

Suresh Attaluri  18:35  
Redis or some AWS.

Swarup Donepudi  18:41  
We'll keep them to cloudinfra. So yeah, I think DynamoDB table is a good example, saying the company, or maybe Sri bucket is a good example. Also,

Suresh Attaluri  18:57  
I think, oh, yeah, the feature that we need to highlight is that how easily a GitHub project has been imported into our registry. Nothing, right. They just need to give the URL and

Swarup Donepudi  19:20  
the commit ID committee is also

Suresh Attaluri  19:23  
optional, but we can mention and then, yeah, we have this ability of by giving, because that's the when we talk about self service, that is, that's what we want to set up,

Swarup Donepudi  19:41  
the component for which you are trying to do and provide a description the clone URL branch. And all of these are mostly optional, and if it is pulling your project,

Suresh Attaluri  19:57  
okay, I think few other things will come up for TerraForm, I will believe, and also that commit SHA, is it possible we take a tag and then

Swarup Donepudi  20:12  
I need to test okay,

Suresh Attaluri  20:14  
just, I mean, just want to call out the it's okay, but I haven't

Swarup Donepudi  20:21  
tested it yet. So

Suresh Attaluri  20:25  
okay. So yeah, this is what we need to do. Okay, and again, all demos. The first thing that comes is plantora. Do you think we need to add this option of adding a pulumi module to plantora, because

Swarup Donepudi  20:44  
demo, frequent action, okay,

Suresh Attaluri  20:48  
as a demo, friend and we going, since we are going out to market as a AI, first platform for me

Swarup Donepudi  21:00  
being the sales guy, if I can get as much as in plantora, I'll be happy. Okay, yeah, that would be my first preference, because we agreed that plantora is the most easiest way to show things, rather than jumping around UIs and UX. That confuses people. So yeah, but it depends on, like, the complexity, how I don't know, practicality. So yeah, make me you can keep making notes. You know what we are going to demonstrate. So depending on, like, what's possible, you keep making the notes. And,

Suresh Attaluri  21:39  
yeah,

so morning, we added creators dashboard thing also to chat. Similarly, if we get this option ready, we can demo it from the chart itself, where user entering. I think

Swarup Donepudi  22:08  
I may have to also make a note for my own self, which is, you need to start doing more engineering falling behind all of these, which is, right now, the stack job config, which can be defined at all, env level, right, right now this one doesn't have a deployment depth, comp to Module map, meaning if, for example, switches the organization and they defined a custom module for deploying s3 buckets, and the platform engineer wants to make this s3 bucket as the default SD bucket for all s3 buckets deployed in swiggy all the SJC config doesn't have this map right now. It's easy to add. I need to make it so like you add a pulumi module for chat, but then configuring that pulumi module to be the default module for all s3 buckets is not something that's available right now. However, what is possible now is at resource level. So there are three levels where SDSC can be defined, okay, so at SJC level, resource level, we do so, but that needs to be defined by default. You don't have nobody has to define SJC resource level

Suresh Attaluri  23:33  
while creating you won't be able to by creating a resource, yeah, you won't be able to choose SJC Yeah, stack joke, yeah, that because

Swarup Donepudi  23:43  
we exactly need standalone API resource all by itself. So you first have to Yeah, these are

Suresh Attaluri  23:54  
for like university bucket Coronavirus module is available, and if someone wants to create it, they can't

Swarup Donepudi  24:05  
use the track, again, again. Use cases can be any but the practical use case is not, I don't think that is. Nobody even asked, asking for it. Yeah, it won't be a problem in practical work. It's not like, oh, I have created the module I want people to you can definitely skip API, like running the Stackdriver itself. Like, what's the worst that can happen? The MSD bucket gets created based on your org or env level, right? And then you come back and you operate, and you rerun your stagnant, yeah, when we talk

Suresh Attaluri  24:45  
about organization, yeah. Do you think people will create multiple modules for one particular resource, versions of module? Yeah,

Swarup Donepudi  24:59  
but for in our design model, I can't think of a way to support multiple at any point. It can only be one. But is it in a real life scenario? Yeah, I haven't seen that practically either. People are they washing it meaning, and they handle utils conditions and stuff like that. But one module for deploying s3 that itself is a lot of work in organization. So maintaining multiple is like next level expectation. Nobody supports it. Even having one well defined module per the popular components itself is rarely seen the it's not as streamlined, contrary to expectation, it's all over the place, in many places. So yeah, so summarizing that is a while. This is an action item for you, for me, adding a deployment component module map to organization and environment level is, yeah,

Suresh Attaluri  26:01  
see, the reason I'm saying that we will add it to the chart is to make our demos more, yeah, reachable or more, as I said, easy to understand.

Swarup Donepudi  26:13  
I will never say no to anything that get that is getting added to chat. Yeah. You want to make that as powerful as possible at the same time,

Suresh Attaluri  26:23  
there are certain locations, complexity

Swarup Donepudi  26:24  
makes me ask for more, but depending on your like bandwidth and the ability to or the complexity involved, you can make the judgment you deploy. And so yeah,

Suresh Attaluri  26:37  
we'll give the intent through form or through the chat, and that will create, register the module, register the module, and we'll open another chart for user two, or a form like earlier. That's what we discussed, is that the developer has to use that module which got registered. So other, another chart will make another, this thing request of deploying.

Swarup Donepudi  27:08  
So I think for for configuring stack job, this is where they'll have to edit so right now they are able to configure credentials at organization level, but I need to report this to Satish. I

Suresh Attaluri  27:51  
How do you know that is a Create Form,

Swarup Donepudi  27:54  
a create standard? Oh, I should have

Unknown Speaker  27:56  
done like this.

Swarup Donepudi  28:04  
Yeah, so this is where it should be. So you know, the second step would be to come here and add it as the default one. So if you want to do it via chat, then we need to add an agent for that too, like updating stack, job config,

Suresh Attaluri  28:19  
okay, yeah, we can do that, right? I see this handling stack, job, configs itself is a separate tedious task for someone, right? So it's our own abstraction. Our own abstraction.

Swarup Donepudi  28:36  
Yeah, I would say there is value in putting this into chat.

Suresh Attaluri  28:40  
Creates, tag, jobs, config, keep making notes.

Swarup Donepudi  28:43  
Let's see how far you can go. Yeah, I

start. I'm starting to see the gaps in the product when we're talking about demos, like,

Suresh Attaluri  28:58  
yes, yes, not.

Swarup Donepudi  29:04  
Such big deal. But yeah, smoothing edges. Okay, so

Suresh Attaluri  29:09  
yeah, so we'll have these options on chat so there are platform engineer sent will clearly show resting a pulumi module and setting that as to environment. Now the developer will log in, they put some intent of deploying something, and that will get deployed. But how will we show that the same stack, job, config, has been used by the devil in the while deploying the resource, I mean, whatever you, the developer, has requested, then we need to go back and open that stack, job, resource, Details page, and open the stack config, right thing, right? We can still do that. Yeah. Or you can even add intent to get stack job config for API resource,

Swarup Donepudi  30:17  
Yeah, but how about

Suresh Attaluri  30:18  
this thing? I uh, user, I I always try to do this deployment right? I'm clueless which stack job config is being used. How about we add intent of, if I give an environment, I'll get the stack job config of it,

Swarup Donepudi  30:41  
okay, any, give you any resource you want a stack job config back,

Suresh Attaluri  30:45  
yeah, any resource, if it is created, but if I'm about to create a resource as well, I would like to know, right,

Swarup Donepudi  30:52  
yeah, any resource as an environment is a resource in the context of stack job config, organization is the resource ID as input, yeah? So I think that will be an RPC first. So I need to add RPC hierarchically.

Suresh Attaluri  31:14  
I think we should try for the chart demo only. Okay. There are so many things like, like Stackdriver, configs, pulumi module registry, GitHub is involved here and another users perspective, there are two personas from engineering and developers. So as a demo standpoint, it would be better if we have less number of screens to switch, to tell nice nice to tell a nice story, agreed. And also we need to show the pulumi registry, the registry page where the user can search. And

Swarup Donepudi  32:01  
I'm thinking one other, another way for us to show that is that logs itself, like the stack job blocks that we are showing, right, that can show information about the module that is being used, always

Suresh Attaluri  32:19  
stack job logs, yeah. So what do you mean by stack job? So when,

Swarup Donepudi  32:23  
when a stack job gets executed, we are showing this in this one only, right, okay, so here we can show that information as a first step.

Suresh Attaluri  32:37  
Okay, how will, how will we show that? Do we have it? It will have any name you need to show the module. We are

Swarup Donepudi  32:44  
fully in control of what is being displayed here, right? So we can, I can include that data in the snapshot as a separate object, like, for example, okay, this is a pulumi Refresh operation object which contains summary map and this. So these are all three type objects. It should be put you have one other object type. It's not a stack job progress. It is stack job info or something module info, where within this stack job you will have that info, and that will be displayed maybe in a separate section.

Suresh Attaluri  33:19  
How about putting it here, like in pulumi registry. Just, we thought it's okay, yeah, if

Swarup Donepudi  33:24  
it is being displayed on this page, it can go here. Or if it is being displayed in the chat, chat, also, we are triggering, right, okay. So if you want the same interface, then we put we can put here, and it will be the same

Suresh Attaluri  33:39  
thing. Chat, also, okay, okay, or we can add a section. Oh, somehow, yeah, we'll see the

Swarup Donepudi  33:47  
instead of making it a separate thing. I think this is a good place, right? When you look up the stack job details, it should tell you all the story. What

Suresh Attaluri  33:57  
is the module, what

Swarup Donepudi  33:58  
was used, and what are the credential IDs used? Etc, etc.

Suresh Attaluri  34:03  
But getting a stack job config by resource ID is still relevant, I believe, meaning you on the on the chart, someone, I mean, the reason that we proposing that option is to check this module that is going to be used before the job is being

Swarup Donepudi  34:26  
skeptical and critical, don't get me wrong, which is, we don't want to create our own requirements. Okay, same thing, like, I know these are all functions that will make a nice user experience. I want to hear justification of like, what's the problem that it may solve, etc.

Suresh Attaluri  34:44  
The reason, when I propose this is to is for the demo. But we said, how will but

Swarup Donepudi  34:53  
we know in the demo that it will work right

Suresh Attaluri  34:56  
now, now, after adding it on the stack job page. No,

Swarup Donepudi  35:00  
it's not about showing the user whether what what was used, but we know that it will work, which is, you register a module, you update organization stack, job config to use this module as the default one. Okay, now the next challenge is how to show that information to the user?

Suresh Attaluri  35:20  
Yeah, that's where we will improvise the

Swarup Donepudi  35:23  
stack job information to include that info as well. Yeah, but that additional RPC to get that hierarchical like resolution of stack job config, given an RPC, or given a resource ID or whatever, okay, that is what I was questioning, like, Will users even have a use case to ask them?

Suresh Attaluri  35:46  
No, the only use case is demo, and you're saying that we'll put it on Stackdriver.

Swarup Donepudi  35:50  
But I think regardless of the demo, that information is useful here for sure, showing which module executed this right now, there is no idea, right? You can tell, you can tell, by this guy, but that also should, doesn't. We will not show you the get to repo information, etc, like plankton get

so in the stack job itself, you will be able to see which module was used, but that's just modulate. Then you will have to do that again. So this is where you get the web URL, yeah, we can

Suresh Attaluri  36:41  
do that, right? So, you mean, like, what we are doing with Version History we call a separate RPC, I think somewhere, somewhat,

Swarup Donepudi  36:57  
Oh, you mean to display that information here? Yes, okay, instead of persisting in Stackdriver,

Suresh Attaluri  37:05  
the ideal is the right way to do it,

Swarup Donepudi  37:08  
yeah, I think so. Instead of really making any changes, it's a UX change, and Satish will update to display this information, which includes, okay, yeah, saving

Suresh Attaluri  37:22  
the URLs is not a right way to do right can be changed.

Swarup Donepudi  37:28  
That's, that's the important part, which stack job, and somebody upgraded pooling module URL, again, a requirement that I'm creating. So persisting the URL for the repo for which the stack job ran at that point in time is more relevant. And I think that that was the reason why we were actually persisting these also. These can also be derived at runtime, but we were taking trying to take a snapshot of what was used at that point. But yeah, for now, we can ask Satish to simply update. This will first get your shot online, update this info. Same thing will be shown even in the chat, saying info, and that is derived from lookup the ID, make a call, get the info, display that info,

Suresh Attaluri  38:25  
okay, yeah, I think that's it. Calls for the video script, right?

Swarup Donepudi  38:30  
Yeah, the IAC module. Okay, I'm wrapping it up just for The title. I Okay, this one.

Suresh Attaluri  38:55  
Just so together, what

Swarup Donepudi  39:09  
is self service and a doctor?

Oh,

Suresh Attaluri  39:38  
can they sections easier? I To lacuna believe video script, or most of the discussion, IP address.
